you're putting the other problem right
yes i am i am the eyes and ears i'll be
prompt so how is that working out so far
it's going to come together and good it
is going to come together because it is
going to be the best thing ever because
that is the goal this year is to make
from the best thing ever meet Ron go way
back we've been buds it's about first
grade although we've tena drifted since
he started dating Shelley which was
fourth grade so it's been we've been
drifting for a while there's this girl
Lindsay I've had like sort of an ongoing
crush on since freshman year that
haven't really ever talked
the president Brittany even if she comes
to me with like an idea for prom or
something Joan I go to my buddy I'm like
hey hey you know you gotta make this
happen do you make it happen hey Carrie
done for prom it could told us they were
starting next idea that night it was I
felt so completely and utterly in love
and I just knew that I'm gonna be up
together forever magic we've been doing
everything you can we're going to get
this awesome prom going on is going to
be the best to them ever so it's no
doubt about it that's not even a
question
Shelley saw those do together if it bad
everybody goes
big event refinement be there
with this big sign
Shelley ceases to be
without I just really appreciate you
just digging from anything now ok am
i'll ship it doesn't matter are you
doing anything perform I saw Sean
and the best round ever
you